[FEATURE] Allow static routes to assets (#4631)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/SiteHandling/StaticRoutes.rst

   t3://
   see: t3://; TYPO3 URL

Static routes to assets
=======================

..  versionadded:: 13.3

The type :yaml:`assets` allows to expose
resources which are typically located in the directory
:file:`EXT:my_extension/Resources/Public/`.

A configuration example:

..  literalinclude:: _static-routes-assets.yaml
    :language: yaml
    :caption: config/sites/<some_site>/config.yaml | typo3conf/sites/<some_site>/config.yaml

> This would enable to you to reach the files at :samp:`https://example.org/example.svg`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables you to reach the files at :samp:`https://example.org/example.svg`
```
